Readme.md, before:

## Camembert IDE

Camembert is a Free, Open source, lightweight IDE, written in Fantom.
It's multi-platform and can run on many platforms (Linux, Max, Windows...)

It supports Many languages such as Fantom, Go, Node.js ,Maven, Python, Ruby etc...

The focus is on being a fairly "simple" editor yet provide built-in access to each language documentation as well as running commands.

Over time I have found out the most advanced IDE's, while very effective, tend to make you a bit lazy and often
you will learn a **lot** more by looking at the proper API documentation than just using completion "blindly".

On the other many hand lightweight editor do not give any built-in access to the documentation at all so if you are somewhet new to a language it will be difficult.

**Please see [http://www.status302.com/camembert](http://www.status302.com/camembert) for complete information and manual.**

![Screenshot](https://bitbucket.org/tcolar/camembert/raw/tip/shot.png)

![Screenshot2](http://www.status302.com/files/cam_go.png)

Commit message:

Created standalone jars and udate the readme

Readme.md, after:

## Camembert IDE

Camembert is a Free, Open source, lightweight IDE, written in Fantom.
It's multi-platform and can run on many platforms (Linux, Max, Windows...)

It supports Many languages such as Fantom, Go, Node.js ,Maven, Python, Ruby etc...

The focus is on being a fairly "simple" editor yet provide built-in access to each language documentation as well as running commands.

Over time I have found out the most advanced IDE's, while very effective, tend to make me a bit lazy and often
I will learn a **lot** more by looking at the proper API documentation than just using completion "blindly".

On the other hand lightweight editor often do not give any built-in access to the documentation at all so if you are somewhat new to a language it will be difficult.

**Please see [http://www.status302.com/camembert](http://www.status302.com/camembert) for more details.**

###Installation
The easyest way is to use the standalone installer, you do need a JVM(java) 6+ to run it.

Download the Camembert jar for your plaform here:

    [http://www.colar.net/camembert/](http://www.colar.net/camembert/)

Then run it, for example:

    java -jar camembert-1.1.12-linux-x86_64.jar

**See [http://status302.com/camembert_installation](http://status302.com/camembert_installation) for more instalation details.**

###Screenshots
![Screenshot](https://bitbucket.org/tcolar/camembert/raw/tip/shot.png)

![Screenshot2](http://www.status302.com/files/cam_go.png)
